W-14476576 DC sync not req duke (includes W-14476577,  W-14476579,  W-14776338) (#263)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

Both the web and desktop Anypoint Code Builder IDEs integrate with key Anypoint Platform products and features: 

* Anypoint Exchange for publishing the API specifications that you create and importing API specifications and development resources (such as connectors, integration project templates and examples) into your projects
* CloudHub for deploying the implementations and integrations that you build 
* Design Center for importing API specification projects into Anypoint Code Builder and optionally, synchronizing imported projects by using the Anypoint source control management (SCM) system

The use of features provided by Anypoint Platform products through the cloud and desktop IDEs requires a connection from the IDE to Anypoint Platform. You establish this connection by logging in to your Anypoint Platform account from the IDE. For more information, see xref:start-acb.adoc#log-in-to-anypoint-platform-from-the-ide[Log in to Anypoint Platform from the IDE].

== Source and Version Control

Use any supported source control management (SCM) system. VS Code supports Git out-of-the-box in addition to a number of extensions for popular version control and SCM systems.

> //TODO:
> //For guidance with Git setup in Anypoint Code Builder, see xref:TODO.adoc[]. 

Author: ```suggestion
For guidance with Git setup in Anypoint Code Builder, see xref:start-scm.adoc[]. 
```

make sure start-scm.adoc exists
